# Ecosystem Concepts and Goals

The StadiaX token ecosystem is designed to provide sustainability for the platform's growth over time and its ability to onboard new games and gaming communities. Treasuries have been set aside for both community development and engagement programs, as well as partner and game studio outreach. We aim to grow the community of both active gamers and active developers utilizing StadiaX and have developed tokenomic models to help incentivize that growth while supporting ongoing platform operations.&#x20;

**Gamers** can leverage their skills to attach winning scores to GamePasses and EventPasses and then resell these tokens based on the new value they carry with a high score attached. These tokenized score cards allow for gamers to 'sell' their scores and the potential prizes that go with them.

**Game Developers** can use the StadiaX SDK to quickly convert existing Web2 games to Web3. Or Create new Web3 game from scratch using traditional gaming technologies with no need to master a new domain to harness the new markets it represents. Take launches to a new level with StadiaX's publishing tools and bring games to a fresh audience of gamers. Participate in the economic rewards of GamePass and EventPass minting and earn a portion of all STADX generated by gameplay.

**Digital Collection Creators (NFTs)** can introduce their creations to a new world of content through StadiaX's gaming partners, rewards store, and in-game experiences all powered through STADX tokens. Enable collections with new capabilities both in-game and on-platform to provide gaming communities and collectors with a new level of utility.&#x20;

Partners can capitalize on the portability of StadiaX's token ecosystem to harness the power of a captive, gaming-focused community. By offering rewards and discounts targeted towards StadiaX token holders partners can quickly tap into an audience looking for their goods or services.

StadiaX token supply is capped at 50 billion STADX tokens. The initial crowdsale is targeted for 10% of the total supply or 5 billion tokens. Combined with amounts set aside for market making and airdrops there will be a total of 8.5 billion STADX when the crowdsale completes. The remaining supply of STADX will be distributed over the next 8 years primarily through the rewards issuance program.

